Edits based on single-server scenario testing (#2609)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-stack-docs: azure-stack/hci/deploy/single-server.md

1. Configure the server utilizing the [Server Configuration Tool](/windows-server/administration/server-core/server-core-sconfig) (SConfig).
1. Install the required roles and features using the following command, then reboot before continuing.

   ```powershell
   Install-WindowsFeature -Name "BitLocker", "Data-Center-Bridging", "Failover-Clustering", "FS-FileServer", "FS-Data-Deduplication", "Hyper-V", "Hyper-V-PowerShell", "RSAT-AD-Powershell", "RSAT-Clustering-PowerShell", "NetworkATC", "Storage-Replica" "NetworkHUD" -IncludeAllSubFeature -IncludeManagementTools
   ```

1. Use PowerShell to [create a cluster](../deploy/create-cluster-powershell.md), skipping creating a cluster witness.

   Here's an example of creating the cluster and then enabling Storage Spaces Direct while disabling the storage cache:

   ```powershell
   $ClusterName= "<Name to use when accessing this system - 15 characters or less>"
   $ServerName= "<Current name of the server>"
   ```

   ```powershell
   New-Cluster -Name $ClusterName -Node $ServerName -nostorage
   Enable-ClusterStorageSpacesDirect -CacheState Disabled
   ```

   > [!NOTE]
   > - The cluster name should not exceed 15 characters.

>    > - The `New-Cluster` command will also require the `StaticAddress` parameter if the node is not using DHCP for its IP address assignment.  This parameter should be supplied with a new, available IP address on the node's subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > - The `New-Cluster` command also requires the `StaticAddress` parameter if the node is not using DHCP for its IP address assignment. This parameter should be supplied with a new, available IP address on the node's subnet.
```
